[Pages] Add the example code to make use of secret key in environment variables for turnstilePlugin (#13459)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/pages/functions/plugins/turnstile.md

        // your secret key(s) safely.
        secret: "0x4AAAAAAASh4E5cwHGsTTePnwcPbnFru6Y",
        }),

>         // This is how you can use your secret key in environment variables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // Alternatively, this is how you can use a secret key which has been stored as an environment variable
```
